docs: environment variables and Oxygen.env (#368)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/framework/docs/environment-variables.md

> Environment variables, also known as secrets, allow loading different values in your app depending on the running environment. This guide describes how to store environment variables in your Hydrogen project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables, also known as secrets, allow you to load different values in your app depending on the running environment. This guide describes how to store environment variables in your Hydrogen project.
```

## How environment variables work

You can store secrets in `.env` files in your project, as per [Vite's guide](https://vitejs.dev/guide/env-and-mode.html#env-files):

{% codeblock file, filename: '.env' %}

```
PUBLIC_MY_API_URL="example.com"

MY_SECRET_API_TOKEN="topsecret"
```

{% endcodeblock %}

### Public variables

> In Hydrogen, any environment variable prefixed with `PUBLIC_` or `VITE_` in the `.env` files will be treated as public and will be available in the browser. These variables can be accessed using Vite's `import.meta.env` in any component.

Reviewer 2: I'd drop the mention of `VITE_` and just keep `PUBLIC_` as to not confuse folks 👍

> In Hydrogen, any environment variable prefixed with `PUBLIC_` or `VITE_` in the `.env` files will be treated as public and will be available in the browser. These variables can be accessed using Vite's `import.meta.env` in any component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Hydrogen, any environment variable prefixed with `PUBLIC_` or `VITE_` in the `.env` files are treated as public and are available in the browser. These variables can be accessed using Vite's `import.meta.env` in any component.
```

### Private variables

> Any variable that is not prefixed as mentioned above will be treated as a server runtime variable in non-production environments. These variables are not exposed to the browser and can only be accessed from server components using the global `Oxygen.env` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any variable that isn't prefixed with `PUBLIC_` is treated as a server runtime variable in non-production environments. These variables are not exposed to the browser and can only be accessed from server components using the global `Oxygen.env` object.
```

In production, however, variables are loaded directly from your Oxygen admin panel and will be available in the global `Oxygen.env` object. None of the `.env` files will be used to load production variables.

> Note that, for other platforms, you might need to polyfill the global `Oxygen` object. For example, when deploying to a Node.js server: `globalThis.Oxygen = {env: process.env};`.

Reviewer 2: Rather than showing how to polyfill `Oxygen` here, I think we should mention that runtime variables will vary based on the hosting runtime you're using. You could even keep the Node.js hosting runtime as an example, and say that you can use `process.env` if you're hosting your Hydrogen app in a Node.js production runtime instead of Oxygen.

Reviewer: What is the Oxygen admin panel? Is this something that developers can access right now? I think we might be missing some context in our docs about this. 😄

Author: @mcvinci  Right, it looks like there's no admin panel yet but we are already introducing this syntax in Hydrogen. For now, I'll change it to omit this and just keep the example for Node.js.

@jplhomer In development we only load variables in `Oxygen.env`, not in `process.env`. Therefore, if they don't mock Oxygen object in production, they will need different syntax to access variables based on the environment: `import.meta.env.DEV ? Oxygen.env.MY_VAR : process.env.MY_VAR`. I think mocking it is simpler, no? 🤔

Reviewer 2: @frandiox Yeah you're right 👍
